[Paper] Reduce the default elevation (#15243)
mui-org/material-ui: pages/api/paper.md

| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'div'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |

> | <span class="prop-name">elevation</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">1</span> | Shadow depth, corresponds to `dp` in the spec. It's accepting values between 0 and 24 inclusive. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <span class="prop-name">elevation</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">1</span> | Shadow depth, corresponds to `dp` in the spec. It accepts values between 0 and 24 inclusive. |
```
